GOALS
Make a fun and dynamic level that challenges the player
Break up the gameplay, so its not always just tower defense
Give the player an objective to work towards, with some traversal of the environment and different groups of enemies
The mission should end with having to defend a location against a few waves of enemies, but player has to work their way towards this
Add a boss enemy
This level should be a real challenge
Add some degree of non-linearity
THEME: Infiltration




ELEMENTS
All enemy types
Exploding barrels
Conveyor belts which move the player and enemies
Crushing machines, which do damage to players and enemies
Pushers, which push things off conveyor belts




QUESTIONS
Is there a way to use the building mechanics in interesting ways?
    Build ramps to get to different areas?
    Use Walls to block conveyor belts so player can pass through?

How does the player get into the factory?
    Breach the gates?
    Get over a wall?


OBJECTIVE
The player must infiltrate a robot factory fighting or avoiding enemies to get to a central control point.
They must then defend this control point for a few waves while important data is downloaded.
Once the data is downloaded, the player must make their way to an evacuation point and escape.

SEQUENCE
Approach the factory
    Player starts outside the factory
    Player can see large defensive walls, and enemies patrolling the inside.
    Player knows that they will trigger the enemies to attack once they breach the factory gates
    Player has time to set up some defenses before they go into the factory
Breach the gates
    The player somehow gets inside the factory forecourt
    The enemies are alerted and a battle ensues
    This battle can introduce exploding barrels. Which the player can use now and later on in the mission.
    Once the player destroys this wave of enemies, they are free to explore and consider their next options
    There is a supply crate here which the player can optionally collect.
    The player can see a couple of different ways into the building, and is free to chose which path they take.
Inside the factory
    Path 1
        Path 1 is a longer path, which takes the player in at the ground level. 
        Entering the factory at this point alerts enemies inside, which swarm to attack the player. This happens before the player has time to set up defenses.
        Once the player defeats the enemies, they have the chance to look around. 
        If they player explores, they will find another supply crate
        The player finds a switch which opens the path to the next floor
        The player proceeds up to the next floor.
        The next floor is a factory floor, with conveyor belts moving around.
        From here the player can see their objective. But they can also see some enemies in between who haven't been alerted.
        The player has the option to set up some defenses before attacking.
        Once combat begins, the player must fight the enemies and avoid the conveyor belt obstacles.
        Once the fight has been won, the player finds a switch to open the path forward.
        The player is free to move towards their objective.
    Path 2
        Path 2 brings the player in higher up in the building.
        The player can see the enemies down below, but are able to avoid the fight if they stay up high.
        The player can see their objective, but realises that they will have to navigate a series of conveyor belts
        The player realises that if they fall down, they will be dropped in the middle of the enemy swarm.
        The player has to negotiate a series of conveyor belts. 
            Some of the conveyor belts have crusher machines on them. The player must time their movement so they are not hit by the crusher.
            Some of the conveyor belts have pusher machines on them. The player must time their movement so they are not pushed off.
            Some of the conveyor belts will speed up the player's movement, some will slow it down, depending on the direction of the belt
        If the player falls down, they start Path 1
        If the player successfully navigates the conveyors, they can proceed to their objective, avoiding the two battles.
Defense Phase
    The player enters a central control room with multiple entrances.
    At the center of the room is a control computer, which is the players objective.
    The player has time to set up defenses in this area before starting the first wave.
    The player has to defend 3 rounds in this area, and prevent themselves from being killed, and prevent the control console from being destroyed
    This is a hard battle, which will test the players skills. The rounds are long and will contain a lot of enemies.
    In the final wave, a boss enemy enters
        The boss is very big, has a lot of health, and does massive damage when it hits.
        The boss will spawn drones and shooters to defend it.
        The wave will not end until the boss has been destroyed.
Escape the factory
    Once the final wave has been completed, the player must escape the factory.
    The player makes their way back out of the factory, towards an evacuation point outside the main gates.
    More enemies spawn, and attempt to stop the player. The player can engage the enemies or run past them
    This section should not be as much of a challenge. This is more of a victory lap for the player.
    The player exits out the back of the factory
    The player reaches the evac point and the level ends



NEW MECHANICS TO BUILD
        Enemies can be alerted
        Enemy spawn volumes
        Make alerted enemies open front gate
Doors and switches
Conveyor belts
Boss enemy
Way of triggering dialogue from the commander
Crushers
Pushers
Explosive barrels
Supply Crates







